.
The Geordies are back and we're
leaving the Toon and hitting Greece.
Greece, you're about to get done.
(shouting)
Come on!
It's gonna be pool parties...
Boat parties!
More drama.
Fuck this shit, I'm not doing it.
(shouting)
More tashing on.
More fucking tragedy.
Slag!
(sighs) Don't fucking ever speak
to me again.
Total carnage.
Fuck, shit, what have I done now?
And a shit load of bucking, like.
Greece, the Geordie gods are coming.
Time to get immortal.
(Nathan)What the fuck is this, man?
(shrieking)
It can't get any worse.
Me and Kyle are in a really good
place now and I'm so happy.
I miss single life.
Whatever's going on between them,
she deserves better.
You never know,
maybe this could go somewhere.
Sorry, that's what it feels like
to be mugged off.
I will stay faithful to my boyfriend.
Marnie loves girls.
If you're gonna get action
from somewhere,
it's better from a girl than Aaron.
What? Scott!
It's like necking on
with my fucking sister.
Eurgh. No!
No.
Nothing like being pied
by your best mate.
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I'd never kiss anyone
without a six pack.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm cheeky and full of mischief.
I'm fit, flirty and I've got FFs.
I'm gonna make sparks fly.
Geordie Shore, why-aye!
Morning.
Morning, Nathan.
I've woken up fresh
and not full of dread.
This almost feels
as good as an orgasm.
I've actually woke up happy.
Me too.
Ah, it actually was wicked
last night,
the problem was you two,
pulling-wise.
We wake up and once again no-one's
in the shag pad and no-one's pulled.
Boys, come on.
If you wanted to,
you could have fucking had Chloe.
Chloe went out her way
to try and piss Scott off.
If she's gonna try
and purposely go to wind me up,
just fucking shove her off.
Hold on.
You don't fancy Chloe,
but you're annoyed when I flirt
with her? Make up your mind.
Holly didn't sleep in here again.
You know what she did, right?
She asked me to sleep with her
on the bed in there
and then she was just like,
"Oh, you can't sleep here any more."
"You'll never be able to fit in."
She's my best friend
and I never see her any more.
All she wants to do
is be with Kyle.
I do feel like
we're not seeing her much.
How does that happen
when you live in the same house?
Anna well and truly fucked us over
sending us to this barn,
but we've checked it over
like she said
and now we're off to Malia.
Get in!
I cannot wait to get back
to civilisation and see a fanny
which isn't stuck
to the back of a goat.
Ah, you fucker.
Get me off this farm.
To the beach, mate.
We've been in the mountains
long enough.
I know we're going to a new house,
but we're going via the beach.
(Scott)Beach!
(cheering)
It's so nice to get to the beach.
There's actually real people here
and not farm animals.
Cheers, girls.
It's great spending some time
at the beach.
We can finally get our tan on.
This would be the perfect opportunity
for Holly to spend time with girls,
but she's not, she's glued to
Kyle's side like a bloody barnacle!
This beach day
is what everybody has needed.
Now it's time to go and see
what the next house is like.
It cannot be any worse
than that farm.
Fucking buzzing!
Ah! This is amazing!
Fucking hell.
It's unbelievable, man.
It's the kind of place
you'd dream of.
Shag pad.
I must say,
this place is pure naughty.
It's got Jacuzzis in the room big
enough to fit all of us girls in.
There's a suction one here.
What does suction do?
(all) Ooh.
This is what we needed.
Tonight is gonna be unbelievable.
This is the first time we've got
ready in the same room for so long.
Proper girls' night.
It feels like a girls' night.
Me and the girls are getting ready
and drumming it into Holly
that it's girls' night,
so she'll spend time with us.
It's clits before cocks.
Yep. Clits before cocks, clits
before cocks, clits before cocks.
It's good to hang with the girls,
but we're going to the same club
so I'll be able to get
a cheeky kiss from Kyle.
Tonight me and the boys are gonna
have a lads' night.
We're gonna separate Kyle
from his missus,
cos he needs to stop being a melt
and get some banter.
Help me!
The lads are telling us I'm with
them tonight and that's fair enough.
I need to have lads' nights
and Holly nights.
When I was single
I was pulling every single night.
We're in fucking Greece and Scott
and Aaron still haven't banged yet.
Let's have a pulling competition.
Bring it on. We've got a shag pad
that's not full of chickens.
I'm gonna be in there tonight.
Sorry, Scott.
One, two, three.
Watch and learn, cos Daddy is gonna
show you how to take the trash out.
(all) Malia!
Although I'm not on the pull,
it's still a lads' night
and it's gonna be mint.
Let's get mortal, lads.
I am bouncing my dick
all around Malia.
Turn around, touch the ground,
get blast off Scotty T.
Get to the club,
everyone's smashed, tunes are wicked.
Surely tonight is the night
that the lads get off the mark.
(all) Cheers!
I've had a mint night
with the lads.
This is exactly what I needed.
Buzzing for Chloe. She's pulled not
one but two lads. What a ledge.
Chloe has brought two lads into the
area and Scotty T looks fuming.
Not nice when the shoe's
on the other foot.
She needs to be careful
in case he eats her shorts.
Scott hoiked something at Chloe
while she's necking on.
What was it?
Some of your toys out of the pram?
Cowabunga!
Kyle doesn't seem
to be speaking to me.
I don't know
what the fuck I've done.
He's taken lads' night
to a new level.
He hasn't looked at Holly,
hasn't spoke to her.
You're allowed to say hello.
We're supposed to be having
a girls' night
and all Holly's doing is
trying to see what Kyle's up to.
What about me?
What about what I'm up to?
Me and Holly used to be crazy, wild,
we used to be slags
and now she's none of them things.
She's saying we're drifting apart.
She's my best friend. I love her.
I don't know where all this
has come from.
Thanks. So I'm good for you
when you need us,
but what about when I need you?
Will you be busy sucking Kyle off?
Scott and Aaron have eventually
pulled two girls. Fucking hallelujah.
Scott's pulled
and I don't give a shit.
My lad's mate is desperate
to get on the action.
I've just experienced
my first three-way kiss.
I'm now not a legend.
I have moved up to a lord.
There's so much weird pulling
going on tonight.
I'm looking over,
Chloe's getting spit roasted,
Scott's doing sit-ups with his girl
and Aaron looks like he's in
the Grand National, for God's sake.
Is that a girl or a jockey?
This is not sexy.
You two have been great company.
But sorry, it's a girls' night
and they're the only people
I wanna go home with.
Watching Scott and Aaron,
I feel like a proud older brother,
but now it's gonna be a race
for this shag pad.
Kyle has not spoken to me tonight
and it's making us feel embarrassed.
Why would he go on
like that with his girlfriend?
I know it's girls' night,
but he has not once spoken to me.
I'm gonna go back with the girls
and I couldn't give two shits.
He is a disrespectful bastard.
Here we go again. Holly's banging on
about Kyle. I've had enough.
All you do is talk about him
who fucks you off,
who doesn't fucking care about you.
You are obsessed.
I can't believe Charlotte
is having a go about this
in front of everybody.
Is she for real?
I genuinely wasn't angry.
I'm not gonna get angry or upset.
I've been angry every night
since I've been here.
Cos I'm here?
You've ignored us.
You haven't slept with us
and fucking all you've talked about
is Kyle
every minute of every day!
This is all kicking off
and I'm stuck in the middle of it.
I need out of this taxi.
We get back to the villa
and I'm so upset.
Out of everybody, I would have
thought Charlotte had my back.
I did not deserve that in the taxi
there. I did not deserve that.
I have tried to tell you
something that happened...
In front of people. If I ever had
to say anything like that to you,
I'd have said it in private,
not in a fucking taxi
and belittle me
in front of everybody else.
Everyone knows.
Everyone's been talking about it.
Exactly!
So therefore you, as my best friend,
should have turned round
and done it in private,
not in front of people
because you know
how embarrassing that would be.
Someone needed to say it.
We can't all keep living
in Kyle and Holly world.
Not once have I ever spoken
behind your back!
We spoke about it once.
Not once have I ever spoken
behind your back!
I told you to your face today.
So fuck off. Don't fucking ever
speak to me again. Never. Stop.
I can't believe this has happened
tonight. I'm in absolute shock.
I am angry,
because I've lost my best friend.
She's lost her best friend?
Well, I lost mine fucking ages ago,
as soon as Kyle walked in this house.
I just literally feel
like every single person
in this house has ganged up on us.
I'm not doing this any more.
What the fuck is going on here, man?
What the hell have I done now, man?
(Marnie)You haven't.
It's your girlfriend.
Why is Kyle still standing in the
kitchen like some fucking idiot?
When your girl is upset
and walks out,
I'm sure the boyfriend
is supposed to go after her.
Oh, for God's sake.
What's up?
What's up? I'll listen to you,
come on.
She turned round and literally
flipped on us in front of everybody
and I feel this big, because
I feel like everybody in this house
has been talking about us
behind me back.
Not the case.
No-one's talking behind your back.
I'm not talking about you,
it's everyone else.
No-one else has been
talking about you.
Apparently they have.
You're meant to be on my side.
I am on your side.
No-one's talking about you.
I don't understand why this argument
has been turned round on me.
I was having a good night.
But you don't understand us.
You do not understand me at all.
I fucking solidly understand you.
I don't know what to do any more.
Everything I do just seems wrong.
What are you doing?
What am I doing?
You're fucking shouting at me!
You're shouting at me! What do you
expect us to do? I'm fucking angry!
Fuck this shit! I'm not doing
it any more, man. Fucking hell!
I can't do this shit any more, man!
I can't fucking act like this.
Kyle has stormed away from Holly.
As much as I don't wanna see her now,
I can't have her crying alone.
It kills us even hearing it.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Holly, I'm so sorry.
I never wanted it to turn out
like this.
All I wanted was my best friend back.
I didn't mean any of that
to come across in a bad way,
but I just needed you to know,
because this isn't you.
Look, this isn't you.
This isn't you, Hol.
It's absolutely soul destroying
seeing my best friend so weak
and desperate over someone who
I really don't think cares about her.
I don't want you
to be like this any more.
to feel like this any more.
I know you do, I know.
I just feel so alone and so lost
and I don't know
what I'm gonna do about it.
I said Scott can have the shag
pad first, but only for an hour,
so fair's fair, let him have
his hour and then I'll go next.
So I've got this bird back
and we're going to the shag pad.
She takes off all her clothes
and takes off all of my clothes,
we get into bed and then she says
we're not having sex.
Who the fuck does that?
Sorry, Scott, time's up.
It's my turn for the shag pad.
(knocking)
It's me, Aaron.
He won't answer the door and then
when he does, he opens it naked.
I try to get in
and he pushes us out.
Fucking stupid little prick.
That dick won't let me in the shag
pad, but no way am I losing out,
so I take my girl outside
onto the balcony.
(dog barking)
Fuck off, dog,
I'm trying to have a bang.
(dog barking)
No chance are you
or Scotty T ruining my shag tonight.
Last night was awful, but at least
one positive came out of it.
Holly finally spent the night
in the girls' room. Every cloud.
Are you OK, Hols?
Yeah, I'm fine.
One plus point is that me and you
managed to resolve things.
I'm glad because you're the person
who's gonna be there
when it all breaks down.
But it's not necessarily
gonna break down, Hol.
Even though she's been hard work,
I do feel for her.
She's only doing it because
she's totally in love with Kyle.
I don't know why you wanna be
with someone making you like this.
I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
The last thing I wanna do
is break up.
It all kicked off last night
and guess who it was over?
Fucking Holly and Kyle.
I can't do anything right.
You can't just go back up there
and, like, play happy families
and have a chat and it's all OK.
I just don't know what I'm gonna do.
I'm fed up about talking about
all this shit.
I can't speak to Holly and I'm
boring the lads. I need some space.
Last night might have been shit for
Kyle, but I had a quality night.
I got a bang, even though Scott
locked me out the shag pad.
Did she do anything?
Nah.
So after all that Scott didn't even
bang last night? What the fuck?
You should have left the shag pad
so he could get in.
He didn't give us a chance.
He started kicking off.
You went,
after an hour I can have it.
Once again you just talked shit
and you didn't give us it, so...
You shagged her anyway.
Although Scott tried to fuck him
over, he managed to get off the mark
in the pulling competition.
Well done.
Fair enough, I'll let the kid
have his moment,
but I can Scotty guarantee you
that I will fucking nail
this competition.
We're sick of Kyle having
a face like a smacked arse.
It's time we got him out this house.
Girls?
Yeah?
We're off to a water park, so...
ta-ra.
I'm so frustrated.
All I wanna do is to be able
to sort things out with Kyle,
but once again I'm having
to wait until he's ready.
How was that, Hols?
Fine.
Just a bit frustrated
that this keeps happening.
I don't feel like
I'm being understood.
I'm so bored of
Holly and Kyle's dramas.
It's bringing the house down.
I'm absolutely sick.
But what can I do?
He should understand you.
Your boyfriend should get you.
I do feel bad that we haven't
invited the others, but who cares?
It's wicked being with the lads.
Got no dramas, no hassle.
No-one kicking off. It's nice to
see Kyle with a smile on his face.
Finally I'm enjoying Greece.
This is fucking class. Cheers, lads.
This is what I needed to take
my mind off Holly and that house.
We're just getting started.
This water park is fucking wicked.
This is a good chance for me
to talk to Kyle
and find out what is going on.
This is what I need.
I need time with the lads.
I mean, Holly...
She's my best friend.
Just can't stop arguing with her
and it's fucking killing us.
If I was in Kyle's position,
I'd have sacked this off ages ago.
It's not a healthy relationship.
I don't know how much more of this
I can take.
All we can do is hope
this water park has done Kyle good.
It's time to get back to the house.
How was it?
Today was absolutely wicked,
so let's just keep the fun going.
Tonight we're going to a toga party.
What's a toga?
Holly, you love togas!
What the fuck's a toga?
A toga party? Lots of hot boys
and hot girls in short linen.
This is gonna be fun.
Can I have a word with you
in the shag pad?Yeah.
The toga party does sound mint,
but before we go there
I really need to chat to Holly.
He's had some space from me.
That is what he wanted.
Hopefully we're able
to work through this.
Are you OK after last night?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
It wasn't meant to go like that.
It wasn't meant to be
an argument between me and you.
It was between me and Charlotte.
All I needed was his affection.
Why can't he see that?
But if I get involved,
we end up arguing.
The reason I stayed out
of Holly and Charlotte's bickering
is because my relationship
can't afford any more arguments.
What's Kyle been like today then?
They've gone for a chat.
We're wondering what's gonna happen.
They better not ruin the toga party.
What does he actually want?
I don't think he knows himself.
None of us even know
what's happening with this situation.
Holly thinks she's got
a relationship worth salvaging,
the lads think Kyle
wants to be single
and I'm starting to think
he's just a full-on bell-end.
Yeah, I feel the same.
I wanna fight for this.
We've been through so much
and I love him to bits.
I'm not gonna drink tonight.
I'm not drinking either.
The root of all our problems
is alcohol,
so tonight we're both
gonna have to not drink.
Can I have a cuddle now, then?
Yeah.
I've made up with Kyle.
It's time to get ready for tonight.
What's your Greek goddess name?
I'm gonna be Xena.
Margaret. Or Barbara.
I've always wanted to be called
Margaret Barbara.
Margaret fucking Barbara?
Chloe,
you're meant to be a Greek god,
not a fucking Victorian.
I've got me own Greek god tonight.
So are you back to being all right?
Yeah, we're fine.
We're just this type of couple.
It's that type of a relationship.
Holly's telling us her and Kyle
are fine now. Whatever.
Keep telling yourself that.
Do you think that you'll end up
with Scott tonight?
Nah, nah. I don't really care.
He can do what he wants.
Tonight's about me pulling another
lad. Scott is not on my menu.
We're ready for this toga party
and we all look pretty shit,
but, Scott, did you not get the memo?
Why are you wearing a mini dress?
That's what Greeks
used to wear in the day.
Mate, it's so comfortable.
Breezy, feels like a dress.
How did your chat with Holly go?
It was class. We sorted everything
out and we're fine again now.
Kyle's telling the boys him
and Holly are sweet
and they've sorted out
their problems.
I couldn't give a fuck.
I've got problems of my own.
Me dick is hanging out
the bottom of me toga.
We've both decided, I know it's not
gonna be happy with the lads,
but we've decided not to drink.
Just for one night
try and avoid the arguments.
If you can't drink with your bird,
what's the point in one?
Nah.
Gaz said if I don't pull tonight,
I should crack on with Chloe.
I could click my fingers and she
would teleport onto me fucking wang.
(cheering)
Tonight is gonna be sick.
(Aaron)Everyone's in togas.
Who knew girls could look so sexy
in a bed sheet?
I haven't come to Greece to marry
Chloe. I'm gonna do what I do best,
bucking birds
and fucking booting off.
Me and Charlotte have promised
to wingwoman Chloe. It's wicked.
I love living life through Chloe.
It's amazing.
I am in a relationship,
but I feel as though I'm single
when I'm helping Chloe pull.
Obviously the best thing to do
is do another three-way kiss
right in front of him.
Am I bothered? Aye, my life's over.
I'm pure distraught.
The girls are jealous of the lad
I've necked on with,
so give us a smooch.
Whatever girls can do,
the lads can do better.
Watch and learn,
girls, watch and learn.
The lads are so jealous they all
start necking on with each other.
Well, that's embarrassing.
(Nathan)A five-way kiss?
That's the most action
I've had since I've been in Greece.
Suck this. I'm off to find myself
some fucking Greek mott, me, like.
This party's going off, wicked night.
Holly and Kyle are in the corner
with glasses of water
with faces like slapped arses.
They said they've made up.
Let's see how long that lasts.
I'm necking on with the girl
from last night.
Scott is with another bird.
I've had a wicked night.
I won't let Scott pulling ruin it.
She'll take one look
at his hairy gooch and run a mile.
Tonight's actually been wicked.
No arguments and me boys have pulled.
Let's get home.
Surprise, surprise, Scott has been
pied by his bird last minute.
That kid is definitely
losing his touch.
Looks like the shag pad
is all mine tonight.
Aaron's banging on about
top shagger
and then he brings
the same bird back as last night.
What's going on? Is the kid in love?
The fucking muffin.
Scott is not taking this well.
He is the worst loser I know.
This bed's noisy, isn't it?
Compared to last night,
it's a good shag.
I'm in a bed and there's no hounds
to put me off my stride.
Fucking get in.
I'm smashed and I need to go to bed,
but the last person I thought
who would be helping me into bed
and tucking me in would be Chloe.
There you go.
I'll put you in your bed.
So I'm busy putting fuck face to bed
and I spot Scott in the room
and I think "Mm, why not?".
Minding my own business,
munching crisps
until she comes up
wanting something else.
This is a pure win-win.
She's promised us that I can pull
other birds and she won't kick off.
Howay then, babe,
get your fucking jaw out.
(Gaz snores)
Gaz, shut up, man.
I'm trying to get
fucking Van Goghed over here, mate.
(moaning)
Me and Kyle are in the kitchen.
It sounds like Scott's strangling
an ostrich in his bedroom.
(moaning)
Nope, that's Chloe. Go on, lass.
Didn't take them long, did it?
I hate to admit it, but Scotty T
is kinda good with his fingers.
He gets the thumbs up from me.
Cheers, kid.
Sorry, lovebirds,
but this lad needs his sleep,
so you can fuck off
out of my bed, like.
I've had a mint night.
I've necked off with two lads
and I've been finger puppeted
by Scott.
Come here and give us a snuggle.
(snoring)
What the fuck?
I've woken up and the first thing
I see is Scott next to us in bed.
Is this a dream?
Is this a nightmare? Is this real?
Thank fuck for that.
Chloe is spooning him, phew.
You look like a cute couple
laying next to each other.
Cute couple? Have you lost your
dad's bike? Fucking nee chance.
Did you..?
No, we didn't. No.
How did it play last night?
Great, I was horny
and I wanted the finger.
How many fingers, though?
Cos Scott's fingers are huge.
Scotty T's hands are like jumbo jets.
I'm surprised we didn't feel
the turbulence last night.
What else did you and Scott
do last night?
I might have sucked the penis,
because I actually have improved.
Last time round I gave Scott
my first ever blowy.
He said I wasn't very good, but
practice makes perfect, doesn't it?
(mumbles)
What?
Better than last time?
Better than last time.
At least I've still got
me fucking penis left.
I had to buy a new one
from the organ donors.
I've got a feeling this is
gonna be a recurring incident.
No, it's not. I feel like
I'm in control of the situation.
Last night I was horny
and wanting the finger.
Everyone knows you can't catch
feelings from fingers.
I must have been smashed last night.
Are you taking the piss?
She was "Ah, ah,"
and I went "All right?"
It's nice to wake up with people not
talking about me and Kyle for once.
Last night we went out, we didn't
drink, we didn't argue, buzzing.
He just didn't want Aaron to have
sex and him not to have sex.
Oi-oi.
Hi, Aaron. Hiya.
Last night was wicked.
I christened the shag pad.
It might have been the same girl,
but a shag is a shag.
Did you bang her, then?
Aye, I did. Wicked.
Now he's fingered Chloe
there's no chance he'll pull.
She is the ultimate cock blocker.
Oh, well, more birds for me.
There's so much drama going on
in the villa at the minute
and it feels so good for it to
finally not be around me and Gary,
so now that we're friends
we can go and do friend things.
Look at that.
Fucking octopus.
There's an octopus on a washing line
and Charlotte's got to touch it.
I've never seen Gary so scared
of a slimy pink thing.
It's usually right up his street.
This is fucking not funny any more.
It felt like somebody hit me in the
face with eight used, slimy condoms.
Not cool.
After whacking Gary round the face
with an octopus a few times,
we decided to do some snorkelling.
(shrieks)
It is a mask and a pipe you breathe
through. How hard can it be?
I hate snorkelling! There's things
under the water that wanna eat us.
And I don't mean lick us out,
like full-on have us for dinner.
Howay?
Thought I could see a shark.
(screams)
What are you doing now?
No, no, no, I'm going now,
I'm going, I don't like it.
Although snorkelling
is absolutely shit,
me and Gary are having such a laugh
and the whole "being friends" thing
is actually all right.
Us out of the house today,
it's nice.
She whacked me in the face
with an octopus.
That is on the list of the amazing,
funny things we've done together.
The fact we're both happy in
relationships is absolutely amazing
and it means the world to us.
I've had such a nice day with Gary.
Bring on tonight.
The girls are asking us questions
about Scott.
I have to be honest
and tell them the truth.
I've been feeling really horny
and dying to have sex with Scott.
The reason why I haven't is
because I don't wanna get hurt
and, like,
I don't wanna catch feelings.
I don't think it's just feelings
you'll catch
if Scotty's penis goes inside you.
I think you'll catch a lot more.
What if you get a twinge?
Tonight I'm gonna stay strong.
If I get a minge twinge,
I can use my fingers.
The brush, that's the size
of Scott's hand?
Yeah, this part.
Take the birds here and put them in
Newcastle, I wouldn't look at them.
Scotty has hit a dry patch.
If he was as good at pulling
as he was at shit, stupid excuses,
he'd be on top
of this shagger competition.
Pinky promise?
Scott reckons he's made
a pinky promise with Chloe.
What a wanker.
(all yell)
I'm buzzing for tonight.
Tonight is gonna be sick.
We get to the club
and it's fucking banging.
I can't believe Scott hasn't banged
anyone. Mate, what are you doing?
Looking at Holly and Kyle,
it's making us depressed.
They don't look like
they're having a good time at all
on this stupid drinking ban.
They might as well buy a caravan
and go fishing.
The first bird I pull is wicked,
an arse like grapefruits in a sock
and I'm gonna put my face
right in the middle of it. Ha.
I've spotted Scott with a girl and I
wanna show him what he's missing,
so I'm gonna show him
some of my mint dance moves.
Chloe's dancing like a dickhead
for Scott's attention.
Girl looks ridiculous.
The others are telling us
I should stop,
to be honest, if Scott pisses off
I do not give a flying fuck.
Chloe said she's not gonna kick off
if I pull a bird tonight,
so I don't care if she's causing
a scene.
It's gonna be my dick causing
a scene with this bird tonight.
Chloe!
Oh, my God, what the hell is going
on? I think Chloe might be dead.
Chloe, get up!
Open your eyes for me, darling.
Ah, fuck, me fucking head!
That's the last time I put on my
best dance moves for a lad. Gutted.
Obviously that pinky promise
didn't work, mate.
What the fuck has this night
turned into?
Chloe's lucky to be alive.
Charlotte's wearing a sling.
It was a good night
until Scott brought that girl in.
All I wanna do now is go home.
Scott's bringing a bird back tonight,
but lately he hasn't had much luck.
Tonight he needs to seal the deal
and shag this bird.
I am pissed off that Scott's pulled
and I haven't,
so I'm gonna give him
a taste of his own medicine.
I knocked myself out tonight,
but don't you worry about me, Scott.
You just go upstairs
and shag your girl. Prick.
Surprise, Aaron's locked
himself in the shag pad.
Don't worry, lad, I can wait here
all night until you finish wanking.
Aaron?
Yes?
Open the door, lad.
Nah, soz, mate.
What's brung this on?
Do you remember two nights ago?
Yeah, I do, mate, I do.
Exactly.
Fucking hell, so this is all about
me locking him out two nights ago.
Here, are we on the seesaw in
the playground? Grow up, you dick.
I don't know what Aaron's playing
at. The kid is being a knob.
If I didn't have this bird
I'm gonna blast the arse off,
I'd be putting the kid straight back
in his fucking box.
I'm drunk and I'm winding myself up
more lying in the shag pad
and Scott is gonna get the backlash.
Brothers don't fuck each other
every chance they get.
I can't wait any longer.
I'm just pissed off with Scott
for everything he's done
in the past.
Aaron might be touchy
cos I've disturbed his wank,
but there's nee need to kick over
the clothes horse.
Marns's just done
her fucking whites.
Two days ago if he was my brother,
why would he not let... (grunts)
Aaron is fuming.
To be honest, I do feel quite bad.
This is down to the pulling
competition that I set up.
It's sending these two over the edge.
Here, Scott, Scott!
I'm not talking to you, mate.
Scott! Brother.
Yeah, mate, there's the shag pad,
there you go, brother, you have it.
Let's go in it.
I'm finally in the shag pad
and me balls are ready to burst.
Come to Daddy.
Aaron's throwing
Scott's clothes everywhere.
Wouldn't like to be Scott
in the morning.
Fucking prick.
Little Scotty T is finally taking
a dip and it feels absolutely mint.
I think me little rascal might even
pick himself up
a paddy diving licence
for maximum depth.
Fuck this, I'm pissed and I'm angry
and all I need to do is get to bed.
I'll deal with that dickhead
in the morning.
I'm on a pure mission tonight, me.
This turbo dick
has got a full fucking charge.
Scotty T is back.
(girl moans)
Again?
.